article_id: 37 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 31 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 59 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 9503 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 30 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 40 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 22872 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 22648 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 25134 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 9324 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 9319 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 25122 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 82 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 20658 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 22883 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 103 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 32214 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 6804 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 113 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 8110 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 25208 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 29136 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 114 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 126 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 29858 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 9642 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 149 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 8018 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 130 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 159 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 25280 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 172 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 13162 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 163 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 175 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 13837 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 199 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 3145 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 9745 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 185 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 183 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 203 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
article_id: 211 Error: write() argument must be str, not list 
